You have the happiest face I have ever met.
Say, "Hello, how's your family?"
“Just great.”
[Laughing]
I'm happy right now talking to you.
We did meet once before.
You might not remember 'cause I'm not really sure whose party it was at.
But we were both invited to meet the princess of Monaco.
Marvin Davis.
Yeah. It was a really, a big party.
Lot of, lot of big names.
And I was very thrilled that you insulted me at the very end.
>> I did?
>> I don't really remember what you said.
But I remember I was, like, shocked.
I was just leaving for the car and you shouted it out and I thought,
I made it. I'm in Hollywood.
Rickles insulted me.
You're single?
I'm single? Are you starting in and insulting me already?
>> No.
>> You like to hit to the core?
>> No, I was gonna ask you about that, too, 'cause you married late, too.
Take a guess.
How long do you think I'm married?
Uh, well...
Tonight!
All right, all right, all right.
I'm slow, I'm slow.
[Laughing]
I'm gonna say 50 years, maybe.
>> Fifty-one.
[Laughing]
And how did you meet your wife of 51 years?
That was a mercy case.
[Laughing]
She said, “I can't believe that Johnny knows me so good.”
“I’m gonna be on TV.”
Go ahead, honey, tell them what you told me how you're fed up with the show.
[Laughing]
When you came out of high school you started to be an actress?
No, more in my 20s.
I stayed in New York for a while.
I joined a theater company.
I did a bunch of plays off-Broadway and eventually on Broadway.
And then I came here.
>> Was your, was your...
>> Got sucked into it.
Was your family for that or...
My mom said no.
My mom was like, "Do something with your mind."
She didn't know that it takes intelligence to, to be in our business.
But actually, my mom was pretty funny.
And I always think that I got some of my, my timing and, and that zest for it from her.
>> Same thing with me with my mom.
>> Really?
So she was funny and made you laugh and then you in turn...
No, she never made me laugh.
Oh, no?
[Laughing]
My goodness.
What, what you throw on a bucket of paint?
[Laughing]
Why don't you put a number on your back and get in the roller derby?
You're a good-looking guy, right?
You look like Richard Harris, the actor.
Have you ever been told that?
No.
Well, you don't then.
[Laughing]
Your manager was just telling me one of your first, uh, stops was a nightclub
that now is a shul
>> That's right.
>> in Brooklyn.
[Laughing]
It's funny the way you know the word shul, the way you say it, you know?
>> Yeah.
>> Being a Gentile girl it's...
Yeah, well, but I grew up in, in Brooklyn in the, in the heart of Flatbush.
There is a sense of where I was from and my particular family that,
like all performers, like, that's what influences us.
And coming out of that particular neighborhood in Brooklyn,
which was very mixed, a lot of ethnicities, which I think is so wonderful
for an actor to get to see all kinds of cultures and get to know and love all kinds of people.
[Laughing]
My whole life, my friends, has been dedicated to humor about ethnic backgrounds.
And a wonderful man, Jack Benny, said to me once, in the Slate Brothers in California,
"He's gonna get killed."
[Laughing]
I was really good in, at the corner joints.
Places that weren't exactly top of the mind.
I, we might have that in common.
I, I did play a stripper and I know that you worked in some, in some strip joints.
So I know a joint.
Dean Martin has been a friend of many, many years.
Dean, uh, I say this from my heart, really.
I've never liked you. Never.
[Laughing]
Yeah, I'd be so terrified to ever do stand-up.
I like, or I don't know what you, you want to call it,
like, I have text and I can make something of it, but, um...
You didn't go to college.
I went to college for a year and then I, I got a job on a soap opera, actually.
So I thought it was gonna be like a short little thing and then they extended my part
and I wound up not going back.
You're doing “Spider-Man.”
>> I am.
>> A lot of physical stuff, right?
>> I'm the, uh, I'm his adviser.
>> Oh.
Perhaps his guru.
[Laughing]
“Rat Race” I did with Debbie Reynolds.
I played a gangster.
I said, "Why don't you shut up?"
Bang. I physically slapped her.
But you really, you, you really gave her a knock?
Oh, yeah.
“Oh, yeah.” You say it like there's a statute of limitations on that.
She was on, laying on the floor for the count of nine.
[Laughing]
And I did “Innocent Blood” with John Landis.
I did a John Landis picture.
>> Oh, did you?
>> “Oscar.”
So what do we have in common?
We have the neighborhood, John Landis, strip clubs.
>> And I'm successful and you're struggling.
>> Are we both...
Yeah, that's right.
[Laughing]
You gonna eat? Can I have that?
It's like a cheese steak.
Before you bite into it...
Yeah.
>>> I wish you every success...
>> Thank you.
>> to you and your family.
>> You're a pretty girl.
Thanks.
Don't marry a cameraman, a director.
They're all trouble.
Oh, my God.
I gotta get out of this business.
We had an album, "Hello Dummy!,” in our house,
so it was something that my brother and I listened to a lot.
And then later I met him at Marvin Davis' house.
He stole the evening.
It was a lot of hotshots and he was so incredibly funny.
And he personally insulted my boyfriend at the time as we were walking to the car.
He gets to that sensitive spot
where he knows what's going on really deep inside you and then kind of zings it,
but in the way, like, only your family could do.
But in the right way.
You know, a loving family.
What it do?
It's your boy, big Snoop Dogg.
And I need y'all to go subscribe right now to the AARP Channel.
You know what I'm talking about?
So you can see Don Rickles and see his right-hand man,
no, his left-hand man, Snoop Dogg, live and direct.
Go subscribe right now.
What you waitin' on?
What did he say?
[Laughing]